<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd" >

<topic id="ug.boot.configuration">
  <title>JVM Configuration</title>

  <body>

    <p>
      Configuring Boot means controlling the JVM environment before your project is loaded.
    </p>

    <p>
      Configuring the Java environment that bootstraps Clojure is done via:
      <ul>
	<li>JVM system properties</li>
	<li>Environment variables</li>
	<li>Boot properties files</li>
	<li>
	  <ul>
	    <li><codeph>BOOT_HOME/boot.properties</codeph> (the global configuration file)</li>
	    <li><codeph>./boot.properties</codeph> (the local project configuration)</li>
	  </ul>
	</li>
	<li>a <codeph>.bootignore</codeph> file (analagous to <codeph>.gitignore</codeph>)</li>
      </ul>
    </p>

    <p>
      Boot being a self-documented toolchain, you can query the
      environment variables and properties files that Boot understands
      by invoking <codeph>boot -h</codeph> on the command line.
    </p>

    <p>
      The following properties can be set as system properties,
      environmental variables, or in a
      <codeph>boot.properties</codeph> file:

      <ul>
	<li>BOOT_AS_ROOT Set to 'yes' to allow boot to run as root.</li>
	<li>BOOT_CLOJURE_VERSION The version of Clojure boot will provide (1.8.0).</li>
	<li>BOOT_HOME Directory where boot stores global state (~/.boot).</li>
	<li>BOOT_FILE Build script name (build.boot).</li>
	<li>BOOT_JVM_OPTIONS Specify JVM options (Unix/Linux/OSX only). (*note)</li>
	<li>BOOT_LOCAL_REPO The local Maven repo path (~/.m2/repository).</li>
	<li>BOOT_VERSION Specify the version of boot core to use.</li>
	<li>BOOT_COLOR Turn colorized output on or off</li>
      </ul>
    </p>

    <note type="warning">
      Since BOOT_JVM_OPTIONS is used to launch the initial java
      process, it must be specified as a system environment variable
      (e.g. <codeph>export BOOT_JVM_OPTIONS=-client)</codeph>, not in
      a boot.properties file.
    </note>

  </body>

  <related-links>
    <link href="https://github.com/boot-clj/boot/wiki/Configuring-Boot" format="html" scope="external">
      <linktext>Configuring Boot (wiki page)</linktext>
    </link>
  </related-links>

</topic>
