<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">

<reference id="ug.refman.sift">
  <title><cmdname>sift</cmdname></title>

  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
	<indexterm>sift</indexterm>
	<indexterm>tasks<indexterm>built-in<indexterm>sift</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
	<indexterm>fileset<indexterm>tasks<indexterm>sift</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>

  <refbody>
    <refsyn>
      <codeblock>$ boot sift --arg ...</codeblock>
      <codeblock>(sift :arg ...)</codeblock>
    </refsyn>

    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title>

      <p>Transform the fileset, matching paths against regexes.</p>

      <p>Arguments:</p>

      <parml>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:add-asset</pt>
	  <pt>-A</pt>
	  <pd>#{str}       The set of directory paths to add to assets.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:add-jar</pt>
	  <pt>-j</pt>
	  <pd>{sym regex}  The map of jar to path regex of entries in jar to unpack.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:add-meta</pt>
	  <pt>-M</pt>
	  <pd>{regex kw}   The map of path regex to meta key to add.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:add-resource</pt>
	  <pt>-R</pt>
	  <pd>#{str}       The set of directory paths to add to resources.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:add-source</pt>
	  <pt>-S</pt>
	  <pd>#{str}       The set of directory paths to add to sources.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:include</pt>
	  <pt>-i</pt>
	  <pd>#{regex}     The set of regexes that paths must match.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:invert</pt>
	  <pt>-v</pt>
          <pd>bool         Invert the sense of matching.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:move</pt>
	  <pt>-m</pt>
          <pd>{regex str}  The map of regex to replacement path strings.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:to-asset</pt>
	  <pt>-a</pt>
	  <pd>#{regex}     The set of regexes of paths to move to assets.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:to-resource</pt>
	  <pt>-r</pt>
	  <pd>#{regex}     The set of regexes of paths to move to resources.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:to-source</pt>
	  <pt>-s</pt>
	  <pd>#{regex}     The set of regexes of paths to move to sources.</pd>
	</plentry>
	<plentry>
	  <pt>:with-meta</pt>
	  <pt>-w</pt>
	  <pd>#{kw}        The set of metadata keys files must have.</pd>
	</plentry>

	<plentry>
	  <pt>:help</pt>
	  <pd>bool</pd>
	  <pd>Print this help info.</pd>
	</plentry>
      </parml>

      <p>
	The <codeph>--to-asset</codeph>,
	<codeph>--to-resource</codeph>, and
	<codeph>--to-source</codeph> options move matching paths to
	the corresponding section of the fileset. This can be used to
	make source files into resource files, for example, etc. If
	<codeph>--invert</codeph> is also specified the transformation
	is done to paths that do <b><i>NOT</i></b> match.
      </p>

    </section>

    <section><title>AUTHOR</title><p>Written by John Doe. </p></section>
  </refbody>

  <related-links>
    <link format="html" href="https://github.com/boot-clj/boot/blob/master/doc/boot.task.built-in.md#sift"
          scope="external">
      <linktext><cmdname>sift</cmdname> wiki page.</linktext>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</reference>
